This Leon channel say ah to introduce this time is transformed here Shuriken Sentai Ninninger
device
ninja star is a burger yes this is to be the added player star of the ninninger
You Well then as hamburger you can see a dedicated transformation item has become a motif
It feels quite foreign to the player's transformation items of the past few years
Outside I Po I 4
It becomes like and the shape of the package is also changed a little
The good content is this way and the tester bar is with the body
It is the end of the star Nya It is the core and blade of the star ninja Shuriken first
Part of the whole is not like this in the face of the cone is to run on the hinge
The part of the pattern is issued when you press the back button
There are five types of audio
Soft parts where the blade is good
Blade set in it contains unusual struggle
Etc. you press the button for a further set state
The voice changes like this. If you press once, the standby voice will flow for 30 seconds, and if you press it once more
I think it is a hurry to experience
And the whole ninja star bar is like this
The inside is like this when it opens with the upper side lower side paka
Here is a little up and running to a hamburger state and a smartphone state
Two modes will be deformed I 'm a child when I look around in the unfolding condition TV
The LCD is not attached like the main part, but the display on the smartphone is popping
There are various icons attached
It's just like youtube-like physics buttons
The Ueno clear plastic part to contains the mark of 22 Nja
It has become prima facie manufacturers Poku is Toka part of vans
Ninja entered the house while voting for the first time
Structure of the part to set that shuriken again to you round and round rotation at best and completely person ninja
of
9 Suites in conjunction with the center of the part will be moving
There is no place to set the battery only with the switch here and behind the Shuriken release switch
From
It's not at all kind of gimmick Toka or come true with or shining alone
Hey this is lonely
Then let's transform into a star Niya A procedure is a star bar in the body
Set the Shuriken and press the button first, because that would be a temperature difference
If it turns out , turn the principle and finally close the lid
I will go
3 point change
Clear parts of the above is the television as cheerful voice that was transformed into a Yes Star Ninja
We issued shiny through
It looks like this when you look around in a processed ticket system and state
A hamburger is also completed by sandwiching cheese and patties in the previously open part
The
Because it is such size when grasping, it is furniture
It's about the size of a hamburger
In this state, press the button etc.
Yes, there will be a big house voice again Let's reply without closing the lid this time
The shuriken can be easily removed by pressing the rake release switch
Then again
It is a strong box is now also entangled with other people Shuriken
That's all there is to it as a play voice by say
Gimmicks are pretty good because they don't play transformation into the Lord
Just the sound because you can work with fore of people shuriken even if there is a recognition chan
There is also a summons sweat mid-sized to On the other hand digestion of the real
This will change the mouth of the hamburger and tighten the button
A lot of voice flows, so it 's blue demon first look trends
Yes I did not have the same voice as the ninja first party When I press the button
It will be a ninja, but it has a little more height
Let's also set the 5 ton humanitarian zone This is a store where the lid is closed when it rains
I 'll set it and buy it.
There is no problem Height is all right and does rotation
Press button in the
Ah ah ah
Hall of worship
Perfectly possible to say that I will not have a Ninjutsu I think you go even five tons so processing tickets
I want Naga
I am
Yes It does not light without any problem As a function, it is close to ninja first
I also wanted a star-only sound
Who is the opponent Shuriken Sentai Ninninger Makeover Device ninja star Burger
Introduced
It is quite strange as a makeover item and 2 mode deformation is also easy and easy to play
I think
The sound depends on the shuriken face to the end, so I think it may be a bit too simple
I will
In accordance with the issue of people shuriken Just You in conjunction with the various Shuriken
Since I body size it was also good for shiny buns is help is iron
I think the degree is high more than Shuriken Sentai Ninninger
a new device ninja star was an introduction to burger